README.md, before:

# SDET--SG

## Objective
We would like you complete the following code test in order to evaluate your automation skills.  Please place your code in a public Github repository so we can review it.

## Feature to Test

As a Customer we want to see if the second ad from the second results page when searching for "Iphone" on www.aliexpress.com has at least 1 item to be bought.

## Show your work
1.  Create a Public repository
2.  Commit each step of your process so we can follow your thought process.

## Technologies
You can use any language of your choice, preferably JAVA but is not restrictive, avoid the usage of "canned tools" such as Selenium IDE (not to be mistaken with Selenium WebDriver, you can use Selenium WebDriver), QTP, etc.

## Time Spent
You need to fully complete the challenge. We suggest not to spend more than 5 days total.  Please make commits as often as possible so we can see the time you spent and please do not make one commit.  We will evaluate the code and time spent.
 
What we want to see is how well you handle yourself given the time you spend on the problem, how you think, and how you prioritize when time is sufficient to solve everything.

Please email your solution as soon as you have completed the challenge or the time is up.

Commit message:

added instructions to run tests to readme

README.md, after:

# SDET--SG

## How to run
In order to run the tests, the following environment variables need to be set:
-Dtimeout = 15 (15 is the timeout with which I have worked)
-Dpath.to.chromedriver = The path to the chromedriver executable with which the tests will run
After that, you can simply right click on the results_page_tests.xml file and run as a TestNG class.

## Objective
We would like you complete the following code test in order to evaluate your automation skills.  Please place your code in a public Github repository so we can review it.

## Feature to Test

As a Customer we want to see if the second ad from the second results page when searching for "Iphone" on www.aliexpress.com has at least 1 item to be bought.

## Show your work
1.  Create a Public repository
2.  Commit each step of your process so we can follow your thought process.

## Technologies
You can use any language of your choice, preferably JAVA but is not restrictive, avoid the usage of "canned tools" such as Selenium IDE (not to be mistaken with Selenium WebDriver, you can use Selenium WebDriver), QTP, etc.

## Time Spent
You need to fully complete the challenge. We suggest not to spend more than 5 days total.  Please make commits as often as possible so we can see the time you spent and please do not make one commit.  We will evaluate the code and time spent.
 
What we want to see is how well you handle yourself given the time you spend on the problem, how you think, and how you prioritize when time is sufficient to solve everything.

Please email your solution as soon as you have completed the challenge or the time is up.
